Task 1: Reflection on Refactoring
Reflect on the process of refactoring the API code into the MVC structure by answering the following questions:

1. What were the main changes you made to refactor the code into MVC architecture? Describe how you moved code between files and folders.
    The main changes I made to refactor the code into MVC architecture were separating the original code into each section of the MVC architecture.
    I then pasted and modified each section of code into each respective folder for the MVC architecture.

2. What challenges did you face during the refactoring process?
    I found it difficult to decipher which portions of the code belonged to which segments of the MVC architecture because I was not fully aware of the functions of some code.

3. How does the MVC structure change the way you think about adding new features or modifying existing ones compared to the previous non-MVC structure?
    The MVC structure provides fresh insight in the way that I approach adding new features. For example, when thinking about features related to the logic of the code, I will think about how it can complement existing 
    code within the model folder. Whereas, previously, I may be swamped with worries about how it may affect and change the way the lines of code work altogether. 

4. In what specific ways do you think the MVC version is more organized or easier to understand and maintain than the previous version where all logic was in app.js?
    I think the MVC version is more organized, easier to understand and maintain because the programmer will not need to constantly reread and recategorize each
    segment of code when making updates and changes. Also, this completely revolutionizes team collaboration by providing greater clarity, ultimately resulting in more 
    effective working code.

5. Explain how separating concerns (putting database logic in the Model and request handling in the Controller) makes the code better from a development perspective.
    Seperation of code makes the code better in multiple ways. First, it ensures that code in each part of the architecture will not affect others, resulting in less debugging time.
    Secondly, it produces more efficient team collaboration on a software project by reducing ambiguity.

Task 2: Reflecting on Robustness & Security
Reflect on the impact of validation, error handling, and parameterized queries by answering the following questions:

1. How does implementing input validation middleware make the API more reliable and user-friendly? Provide an example of invalid input that your validation would now handle.
    By rejecting invalid data and preventing the database from receiving inaccurate information, input validation middleware enhances the reliability and user-friendliness of the API.
    Furthermore, it not only averts unexpected failures or corrupted data but also improves user experience by providing a clear 400 response instead of an ambiguous 500 server error.
    For example, if one were to submit the following POST request body without validation:

    json{ "title": "author": 12345 }
    it would either fail silently or generate a confusing database error upon reaching the database. The validateBook middleware identifies this issue immediately and returns a message such as:
    "Title cannot be empty, Author must be a string" At this point, the user would clearly understand what needs to be corrected.

2. Explain in your own words how parameterized queries prevent SQL injection attacks. Why is this approach fundamentally more secure than building SQL query strings by concatenating variable data?
    Parameterized queries prevent SQL injection attacks by storing user inputs as variables. This approach is fundamentally more secure than buidling SQL query strings by concatenating variable data
    as it ensures that the user input remains treated by the database engine as a value, thus preventing malicious SQL scripts from being executed.

3. Consider a potential security risk for an API (other than SQL injection, e.g., brute-force attacks, exposing sensitive data in responses). How might robust error handling (like not showing detailed error messages to the client) help mitigate such a risk?

One prevalent risk involves information leakage — unintentionally revealing internal information through error messages, which can assist attackers in understanding your system's structure. 
For instance, if your API were to disclose raw database errors such as: "Login failed for user 'admin' on database 'bed_db' at server 'localhost:1433'"
an attacker would gain knowledge of your database server address, the database name, and the existence of an admin user — all of which are critical details for orchestrating further attacks, such as brute-forcing credentials.
By providing only generic messages to the client ({ error: "Internal server error" }) and retaining the complete details on the server side, 
you ensure that no valuable information is disclosed to an attacker. This approach also complements brute-force protection 
— a generic "Invalid credentials" message (as opposed to distinguishing between "User not found" and "Wrong password") 
prevents attackers from determining whether a username is valid.